Let me walk you through all the tools that you will be using to finish this lesson.
We've already covered all of these tools in the previous lessons,
so you should have everything already setup.
Let's quickly go over all of them again to
make sure that you have everything installed that would be needed.
The first thing we're going to be using is remix.
That's the online editor to write
a smart contracts and that's the website remix.etheriurm.org.
We have of course use this many times in our previous lessons.
The next thing we're going to using is truffle.
That's the truffle website.
If you see Truffle is a completed app development framework.
So, we're going to write a contract in remix,
and then we will bring it to truffle.
Truffle really helps us in writing unit tests,
and also compiling contracts,
and you can also run a local Ethereum test network
or you can also connect to any of the public networks.
It is available as an npm package.
Let's go to your terminal window to make sure that we have truffle installed.
So, in your terminal window again you should have
it installed because we've done truffle before this,
but if you want to make sure that you haven't installed just type truffle-v,
and that should tell you if you have truffle installed.
So, we have truffle installed, if you don't have it installed all you have to do is
npm install-g for global truffle.
I'm not going to hit Enter because I already have that installed,
but that's the command that going to be using if you
really want to install truffle if you don't have that installed.
Also wanted to let you know that truffle comes as a command line interface.
Now, the next tool we're going to be using is called truffle boxes.
Now, truffle boxes if you look at their website is truffleframework/boxes,
and truffle boxes are pre-built projects for
truffle framework that developers can download and use as a starting point.
They come with a lot of boilerplate code to write,
test, and deploy smart contracts.
These are truffle boxes and of course there are a lot of truffle boxes,
but there are sample react.
They have everything already built up for the front page,
and then they also have truffle boxes to create complete tokens and much more.
They also have silver configured,
you can always go through all these different truffle boxes.
So again we're going to use the truffle box which is called web pack.
This is what we are going to be using as a starting point to create our depth.
Now, how do we get started with truffle box?
We're going to go back to our terminal.
Let's go delete this command.
The first thing that we're going to do is make
a directory for our project. So I'm going to do it.
So, remember we're making two different versions of a contract,
I'm going to call the first one starNotary version one.
So let's make a directory.
So I'm going to make a directly starNotaryv1,
and that's what I'm calling that.
Got it. Then now let's go inside that directory.
Of course there's everything's empty now.
The first thing that you want to do is you want to do unbox.
So you are going to say truffle unbox,
and then we're going to use a web pack is the name of the truffle box we're using.
Once you do run that,
it's going to install a bunch of things and we're going to let it run.
So, again now just to let you know truffle box Web Pack comes with a lot of
boilerplate code for the front-end for
your data and the front end is written in HTML and JavaScript.
It really makes everything simple because they've already
set up the directories and the structures and all that stuff.
So, let's go run this command now.
It takes about maybe less than a minute for everything to unpack,
and this is what truffle box is.
So, like I said it comes with the server so you can host a front-end on
your computer and so
it installs all the [inaudible] While it's getting ready for
that also want to let you know you can also compile,
it comes with its own development console,
so you can sort of truffle develop,
once you do that It actually runs
a local Ethereum network on your computer that you can always use.
It takes about a little second, we're going to let this finish.
and then I'm going to come back in the next video,
and then show you what other tools that we're going to be using.